Add option to *only* search in code blocks. (#102)
OnkarRuikar/markdownlint-rule-search-replace: README.md

  - `search`: text or array of texts to search
  - `searchPattern`: regex pattern or array of patterns to search. Include flags as well, as if you are defining a regex literal in JavaScript, e.g. `/http/g`.
  - `replace`: Optional. The replacement string(s), e.g. `https`. Regex properties like `$1` can be used if `searchPattern` is being used.

>   - `searchInCode` Optional. When set to `"skip"` all code(inline and block), which is inside backticks, will be skipped. When set to `"only"` only code will be searched. Default is `"all"` (both code and non-code is searched).

Reviewer: How about we define only on property?
```suggestion
  - `searchScope`: Optional. Scope to perform the search in.
    - `all`: Default. Search in entire Markdown content.
    - `code`: Search in only code(block and inline). That is code inside code fences and inline back ticks.
    - `text`: Search only in markdown text. And skip block and inline code.
```

>   - `skipCode`: Optional. Equivalent to `"searchInCode": "skip"` when set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `skipCode`: Optional. Equivalent to `"searchInCode": "skip"` when set to `true`. _This property is deprecated use `searchScope` instead._
```
